fix typo and link in static-dynamic-rendering.md (#64449)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/getting-started/fundamentals/static-dynamic-rendering.md

For a practical demonstration of how this works, refer to the [Building your first block](/docs/getting-started/tutorial.md) tutorial. Specifically, the [Adding static rendering](/docs/getting-started/tutorial.md#adding-static-rendering) section illustrates how a block can have both a saved HTML structure and dynamic rendering capabilities.

<div class="callout callout-info">

> WordPress provides mechanisms like the <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/render_block/"><code>render_block</code></a> and the <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_customize_partial/render_callback/"render_callback</a> function to alter the saved HTML of a block before it appears on the front end. These tools offer developers the capability to customize block output dynamically, catering to complex and interactive user experiences.

Reviewer: A few things I'm suggesting here:

* The link seems to be incorrect - instead of linking to the customizer's partial render callback, we should lead to either [`register_block_type`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/register_block_type/) or [`WP_Block_Type`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_block_type/#source) that both document the `render_callback` function.
* There's a missing closing `>` of the opening `<a>` tag. 
* We should keep the wrapping `<code></code>`. 

```suggestion
WordPress provides mechanisms like the <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/render_block/"><code>render_block</code></a> and the <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_block_type/#source"><code>render_callback</code></a> function to alter the saved HTML of a block before it appears on the front end. These tools offer developers the capability to customize block output dynamically, catering to complex and interactive user experiences.
```

Let me know what you think!

Author: Glad you reviewed it with care. I was missing the link to render_callback. I'm not familiar with the concepts. Decide for yourself which link makes more sense.

Reviewer: The thing is that neither of the links I provided specifically documents the `render_callback` argument of `register_block_type`. 

Instead, maybe we can link to https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/how-to-guides/block-tutorial/creating-dynamic-blocks/ which does contain a good explanation with examples on how to use `render_callback`.

Feel free to go with that one. 

Thanks @janpfeil!

Author: @tyxla done, please review for correctness
